hey guys what is up the new chemist here
I am back and today I have a tutorial on
another portal farm that basically
spawns Pigman and the Pigman come in
here they drown like this because they
don't know how to swim right and then
they give you your gold nuggets so let's
get to the tutorial it's a pretty simple
tutorial 23 by 23 nether portals with a
couple of water currents in between I
will show you step-by-step how to do it
see if there's some Pigman right there
so let's get started
alright so from aside the materials you
might need to make it look beautiful
like in my intro video there that is on
a personal world I plan with a couple
other friends there are some very very
very simple materials needed just
obsidian you're going to need a lot of
it unfortunately so you better get that
efficiency 5 efficiency 5 on your picks
get all that good stuff you need water
buckets probably at least two to make an
infinite source flint and steel and a
sign so I would start out by measuring
your 23 by 23 portals start off with
measuring 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23
so that is 23 and then go up 23 so 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19
20 21 22 23 and then just kind of
connecting them together which is the
easiest part because no counting
required so yay no counting and this I
like this farm design because it's very
expandable the more obsidian you get the
easier it is to expand because you can
just make it longer or taller however
you prefer to do it and you just light
your portal like this and that will
start spawning Pigman but let's not do
that right now let's go ahead and just
build the other ones and I will come
right back when you're building them
make sure you build them side by side
like this so we're probably just gonna
do a four here yeah let's go for and I
will just build them like this of course
you know connecting them all and these
just have to be very close with one
block in between so that the water can
flow in between them and whatnot so yeah
let me build those and come right back
and there we go
there are the four nether portals uh of
course they haven't been lit yet so we
need to do the water so I would
recommend just kind of digging down one
all around them because if you don't dig
down one the water currents will get
kind of wonky and yeah just go ahead and
dig down one in between them it's it's
not not hard you know also the reason I
like this design is you can literally do
it anywhere you can do it on the sky and
the ground underground it's the same
thing not underground like I'm doing
here just kind of above ground I mean
it's just pretty versatile design and
that's why I showed you guys how to do
this one so let me go ahead and just dig
out the rest of these here and oh it's
pretty boring to watch but it's pretty
simple so there we go
here my mouse clicking so you go ahead
and add your water right here make sure
it doesn't go one back you can add a
wall around it and now you probably
wondering with waters and go far enough
so this is where the signs come in so go
ahead and place a sign here and assign
here kind of making a pattern like that
and place the water up here and
basically it makes a continuous stream
so see this it's kind of weird of the
water works you don't even have to move
and it'll keep pushing you so that's a
little continuous water stream and just
keep doing those as long as you need
them so like that and I'm going to in
just go ahead and just copy that in all
these canals that they all go over so
let me do that and voicecrack again Wow
my voice is not doing well today so let
me go ahead and do that on all four also
make sure you do not forget about the
outside ones here because if you forget
about them then there will be you know
no no pigment for you so now that we
have all the water canals built I'm
gonna go ahead and build just a little
bit of a wall I'm gonna use stone brick
if you don't have a wall it kind of well
I don't know the pigment might get out
so I just need to build like a little
too high
thingy around this whole thing so let me
go ahead and do that and come back it's
not hard when you're building
underground of course this will be you
know your actual wall but I'm kind of
doing it above ground so I can kind of
show how it works
so let me do that and I will come right
back and on the end we're all the water
canals end to make sure to keep that
open so that we can make a little canal
system to bring them all to one point to
be drowned and killed so let me do that
alright so now that's done I'm going to
go ahead and just dig this down and
again these will connect but we will fix
that shortly so now that those are all
connecting go ahead and place a sign on
the end
like this see how it'll just kind of
flow into itself and just do that oh no
we got some text on it so put all of
those on the ends that way the water
just kind of can't do it it wants to and
now the water will kind of diffuse and
then you can go ahead and place a water
bucket here if it's more than 8 long
like this for instance then you can just
do another little little sign trick
actually on the ends here it becomes a
bit more complicated I wrote or I would
honestly just recommend digging down and
continuing it it's the same thing so now
it's basically up to you where they go
you can set it to hard mines on piece
right now I didn't want anything
spawning oh and of course you want to
light the portals yeah don't forget
about that that is probably the most
important thing because they each little
portal blocks as a chance to spawn a
Pigman we should see some pigment here
in a second and we'll know they will all
conglomerate into this one little point
right here so let's go ahead and place a
sign here they will just kind of they'll
come right here I guess we'll see see
there is a Pigman right there so he fell
in the water stream he's not having a
great time he's just kind of chilling
out and eventually he will make his way
down to here and land in here so let me
wait a little bit and get it functioning
and then I will just kind of show you a
little bit of a just kind of a teaser of
what it'll do so here are just a couple
I don't really know what they're doing
they've just kind of come over here
those that one is still sitting there
but yeah they you can create a little
drop point for them whether all will
where they will all fall down into one
point you can hit them for XP or whatnot
I usually do it for just a gold farm but
you can do it as an XP farm to see there
just keep on keep on spawning so if you
guys like this tutorial go ahead and
leave a thumbs up leave a like same
thing add it to your favorites subscribe
to me if you'd like to see more kind of
simple tutorials like this I do a lot of
aesthetic things you know houses and
whatnot and I like to do these kind of
technical things every once in a while
like this is a really cool mob farm I
was shown to by someone he doesn't have
a YouTube channel but yeah he is a very
very intelligent person very good with
these types of things and 23 by 23 is
the largest this is the most efficient
nether portal form you can make the
fastest you can expand it by just adding
more nether portals that way or that
wre underground or above-ground
stacking them whatever yeah thank you
guys for watching I shall see you guys
in my next video bye